content/portfolio/designs/be-different.mdx, before:

---
title: Be Different
description: Desouky is a pioneering application that aims to connect users to a source of spiritual inspiration and tranquility through reading the Holy Quran and supplications, in addition to providing an interpretation of the Shadhiliyya Desouqiyya method. The application is designed to be a dedicated platform to come to this purpose and the definition that many Egyptians have dedicated to it, especially the generations that have surpassed the aging population.
thumbnail: /Imgs/be-different.png
website: https://www.behance.net/gallery/220247959/Be-Different-Brand-Identity
Protype: Rebranding
Date: 2025-02-25T22:00:00.000Z
BGColor: 0006ec
---
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f2b898220247959.67bf79f33fdb2.png" alt="Header logo" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/3bc547220247959.67bf7c6ce6fc7.png" alt="Mission Vision Message" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/99e687220247959.67bf79f340fe6.png" alt="Logo Explaining" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f8a86e220247959.67bf7c6ce76e0.png" alt="Logo Horizontal" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/4e982d220247959.67bf79f33c223.png" alt="Logo Vertical" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/3e95c2220247959.67bf79f33f5a6.png" alt="Logo Icon" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f58bec220247959.67bf79f33da85.png" alt="Old and New logo" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/fcd0ad220247959.67bf79f33a946.png" alt="Logo Backgrounds" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/aa015e220247959.67bf79f33a28a.png" alt="Color Palette" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/ad6bbb220247959.67bf79f340648.png" alt="Font" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/26a646220247959.67bf79f33bb49.png" alt="Favicon Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/c06055220247959.67bf79f33e3ab.png" alt="Cap and Mug Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/8e7d5c220247959.67bf79f33b1da.png" alt="T-shirt Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/b57c75220247959.67bf79f33ed57.png" alt="ID Holder Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/3c63c6220247959.67bf79f341938.png" alt="Facebook Page Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f2b898220247959.67bf79f33fdb2.png" alt="Thank you" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />

Commit message:

Update Be Different project description to reflect new mission and objectives

content/portfolio/designs/be-different.mdx, after:

---
title: Be Different
description: Be Different is a non-profit dedicated to challenging bullying by empowering communities with knowledge, empathy, and proactive tools. The strategy outlined below will build a strong, compassionate brand identity, position the foundation as a trusted voice, and create measurable change through education, advocacy, and community engagement.
thumbnail: /Imgs/be-different.png
website: https://www.behance.net/gallery/220247959/Be-Different-Brand-Identity
Protype: Rebranding
Date: 2025-02-25T22:00:00.000Z
BGColor: 0006ec
---
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f2b898220247959.67bf79f33fdb2.png" alt="Header logo" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/3bc547220247959.67bf7c6ce6fc7.png" alt="Mission Vision Message" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/99e687220247959.67bf79f340fe6.png" alt="Logo Explaining" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f8a86e220247959.67bf7c6ce76e0.png" alt="Logo Horizontal" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/4e982d220247959.67bf79f33c223.png" alt="Logo Vertical" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/3e95c2220247959.67bf79f33f5a6.png" alt="Logo Icon" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f58bec220247959.67bf79f33da85.png" alt="Old and New logo" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/fcd0ad220247959.67bf79f33a946.png" alt="Logo Backgrounds" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/aa015e220247959.67bf79f33a28a.png" alt="Color Palette" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/ad6bbb220247959.67bf79f340648.png" alt="Font" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/26a646220247959.67bf79f33bb49.png" alt="Favicon Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/c06055220247959.67bf79f33e3ab.png" alt="Cap and Mug Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/8e7d5c220247959.67bf79f33b1da.png" alt="T-shirt Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/b57c75220247959.67bf79f33ed57.png" alt="ID Holder Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/3c63c6220247959.67bf79f341938.png" alt="Facebook Page Mockup" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
<img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/fs/f2b898220247959.67bf79f33fdb2.png" alt="Thank you" width="1804" height="1804" loading="lazy" />
